date		author	

2001-10-03 	Erik
 
* The synchronization of the internal AODV routing table and the
kernel routing table seem to be a problem.

2001-10-04	Erik

* How do we update each the lifetime field of a route for each _data_
packet received, as suggested in the draft v8 section 8.1, last
sentence?

* Why isn't send_aodv_msg() called after calls to sendRERR_AODV()?

2001-10-05	Erik

* Updated callout queue to include millisecond resolution. This seem
better since the draft give times in milliseconds. I also believe the
parameters in params.h were wrong, since some of them were defined in
seconds which they aren't in the draft.

* Cleaned up main loop and how age_callout_queue() is called. I hope I
didn't mess things up... ;-)

2001-10-06	Erik

* Removed removeNeighbor() and merged with sendRERR_AODV(). I found
that the stuff done in removeNeighbor() were in some parts wrong,
while the rest fitted better elsewhere.

* Removed updateRTEntry() in aodv.c and merged that code with
rcvRREQ_AODV() and rcvRREP_AODV() from where it was previously
called. I found that rcvRREQ_AODV() and rcvRREP_AODV() actually should
do things a bit different when in updateRTEntry(), so the best
solution was to move the code instead. It also makes it more easy to
follow the flow in the draft for RREQ's and RREP's respectively.

* Updated the AODV routing table to hold time in milliseconds, since
the rest of the code already had that now.

* Fixed so that an expired route entry have the corresponding kernel
entry immidiately removed upon expiring. The AODV route entry is not
removed until DELETE_PERIOD. Because of this, it was also necessary to
add the kernel route again in updateEntry (rte.c) if the AODV entry
was previously expired (i.e. hopcnt = INFTY).

* When running the daemon at my home computer, where I have the
wireless card as eth1, the daemon is unable to send hello msgs. It
reports "Network is unreachable", which indicates it is trying to send
on eth0 (also verified). I believe the bug is somewhere in
send_aodv_msg(). Receiving messages works fine though...

2001-10-09 	Erik 

* Added a simple routine to rte.c to print the AODV
routing table. Currently uses a bad solution of appending output to a
file (aodv_rte.log). Should be improved when there is time.

2001-10-10 	Erik 

* Extended and improved the communication between the aodv daemon and
the kernel through the /dev/aodv character device. Now other types of
messages and information can be more easily be sent and received than
just a 4 byte IP address.

2001-10-16 	Erik 

* Seems that addresses are converted to network byte order (eg. with
htonl() in aodv_comm.c), even though internally already in network
order. Therefore ip packets go on the ether in host order...
